BD-2260: Add banner for Identify users endpoint (#5763)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_api/endpoints/user_data/post_user_identify.md

> Use this endpoint to identify an unidentified (alias-only) user. 

{% alert important %}

> Starting August 7, 2023, this endpoint will merge data for all calls. This behavior is simlar to [`merge_behavior`](#merge).

Author: ```suggestion
Starting August 7, 2023, this endpoint will merge data for all calls. This behavior is similar to [`merge_behavior`](#merge).
```

> Starting August 7, 2023, this endpoint will merge data for all calls. This behavior is similar to [`merge_behavior`](#merge).

Author: ```suggestion
Starting August 7, 2023, this endpoint will merge data for all calls. This means [`merge_behavior`](#merge) will be set to `merge` for all calls.
```
